Something more lightweight... (#3)
EthanHeilman/flipIt: README.md

Start Playing Now
-----------------

> Click [here](https://rsa-ingo.github.io/flipIt/flipit.html) to play flipIt against the computer or let the computer play against itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click [here](https://ethanheilman.github.io/flipIt/flipit.html) to play flipIt against the computer or let the computer play against itself.
```
